Added tenant migration instructions for IS 6.0.0 migration (#3311)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/migrate/migrate-to-600.md

If you have created tenants in the previous WSO2 Identity Server version that contain resources, copy the content from the `<OLD_IS_HOME>/repository/tenants` folder to the `<NEW_IS_HOME>/repository/tenants` folder.

!!! note

>     If you are migrating from IS 5.8 or below, delete `eventpublishers` and `eventstreams` folders from each tenant after copying. Make sure to backup the tenant directories before deleting. You can use the following commands to find and delete these folders for all tenants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are migrating from IS 5.8.0 or below, delete the `eventpublishers` and `eventstreams` folders from each tenant in the `tenants` folder when copying to IS 6.0.0. Make sure to backup the `tenants` folder before deleting the subfolders. You can use the following set of commands to find and delete all the relevant subfolders at once.
```

>     If you are migrating from IS 5.8.0 or below, delete the `eventpublishers` and `eventstreams` folders from each tenant in the `tenants` folder when copying to IS 6.0.0. Make sure to backup the `tenants` folder before deleting the subfolders. You can use the following set of commands to find and delete all the relevant subfolders at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are migrating from IS 5.8.0 or below, delete the `eventpublishers` and `eventstreams` folders from each tenant in the `tenants` folder when copying to IS 6.0.0. Make sure to **backup** the `tenants` folder before deleting the subfolders. You can use the following set of commands to find and delete all the relevant subfolders at once.
```
